Clarify introspection endpoint (#701)
DuendeSoftware/docs.duendesoftware.com: src/content/docs/identityserver/reference/endpoints/introspection.md

It can be used to validate reference tokens, JWTs (if the consumer does not have support for appropriate JWT or
cryptographic libraries) and refresh tokens. Refresh tokens can only be introspected by the client that requested them.

> The introspection endpoint requires authentication. Since the request to the introspection endpoint is typically done by an API, which is not an OAuth client the [`ApiResource`](/identityserver/fundamentals/resources/api-resources) is used to configure credentials:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The introspection endpoint requires authentication. Since the request to the introspection endpoint is typically done by an API, which is not an OAuth client, the [`ApiResource`](/identityserver/fundamentals/resources/api-resources) is used to configure credentials:
```

> ```cs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```csharp
```

new ApiResource("resource1")
{
    Scopes = { "scope1", "scope2" }, // Replace "scope1", "scope2" with the actual scopes required for your API

    ApiSecrets =
    {
        new Secret("secret".Sha256())
    }
}
```

> Here the id used for authentication is the name of the `ApiResource`: "resource1" and the secret the configured secret. The introspection endpoint uses HTTP basic auth to communicate these credentials:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

In this example, the id used for authentication is the name of the `ApiResource`: "resource1". The secret the configured secret. The introspection endpoint uses HTTP basic auth to communicate these credentials:
```

token=<token>
```

> A successful response will return a status code of 200, the token claims, the token type and a flag indicating the token is active:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A successful response will return a status code of 200, the token claims, the token type, and a flag indicating the token is active:
```
